On November 12, 2014, the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation upheld a lower court
decision to liquidate the legal entity of Jehovah's Witnesses in Samara, one of the largest
cities in Russia.
The Supreme Court dismissed the witnesses' appeal, contesting the allegations of extremism,
the actions of the police, and the heavy-handed punishment.
How did Russian law enforcement authorities go about liquidating the Samara legal entity?
What does this mean for Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia?
The publications the police discovered had been added to the list of extremist materials
through Russian court decisions, decisions that they were based on supposed expert studies
of the witnesses' religious literature.
Before both the lower court and the Supreme Court, the witnesses maintained that the police
conducting the search planted the banned literature and then used it as a pretext to bring
charges against the witnesses.
The Supreme Court arrested our children and, accordingly, the court, the court, and the court.
He supported the decision.
These arrested cases häshelf traitorously believed in the government of the Russians.
Why did the Supreme Court stepped against these protectors so that the riot wasn't
topiced?
The Supreme Court had no set motive and, certainly without a change,
had led their respective prop Jeepers.
The witnesses are concerned that the court ruling will serve as a basis for religious persecution,
as has already occurred in the city of Taginrock, roast of region.
We expect that the same thing will happen in the United States,
so we have a very calm process.
We can't be as calm as we are going to do right now,
as we are going to do right now.
In the basis of their study, they lie in love to people,
respect, tolerance,
because religious and extremism are not the same.
Russian authorities are conducting similar investigations of witness legal entities
in various parts of the country.
It remains to be seen how this will affect the nearly 180,000 witnesses living in Russia.